CNF-12206: introduce new .status.history field to understand timing of each stage and their phases (#585)
openshift-kni/lifecycle-agent: docs/image-based-upgrade.md

  - Prep
```

> IBU status `.histoy` can be used understand when stages were desired and time taken to complete successfully

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
IBU status `.history` provides timing information for the stages, indicating start and completion times for the stages
```

```yaml
status:
  history:
    - completionTime: "2024-06-26T03:27:05Z"
      phases:
        - completionTime: "2024-06-26T03:26:40Z"
          phase: Stateroot
          startTime: "2024-06-26T03:25:10Z"
        - completionTime: "2024-06-26T03:27:05Z"
          phase: Precache
          startTime: "2024-06-26T03:26:41Z"
      stage: Prep
      startTime: "2024-06-26T03:25:07Z"
    - completionTime: "2024-06-26T03:37:22Z"
      phases:
        - completionTime: "2024-06-26T03:27:37Z"
          phase: PrePivot
          startTime: "2024-06-26T03:27:36Z"
        - completionTime: "2024-06-26T03:37:22Z"
          phase: PostPivot
          startTime: "2024-06-26T03:37:17Z"
      stage: Upgrade
      startTime: "2024-06-26T03:27:36Z"
    - completionTime: "2024-06-26T03:48:12Z"
      stage: Rollback
      startTime: "2024-06-26T03:40:42Z"
```

Things to note from about `.status.history`

- History is reset when desired stage is`Idle`.

> - Each history entry on the list will appear chronologically and will have `startTime` to indicated when a stage was desired for the first time. Optionally `completionTime` will appear when a stage completes successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each history entry on the list will appear chronologically and will have `startTime` to indicate when a stage was triggered. The `completionTime` will appear once a stage completes successfully.
```

> - Each history entry on the list will appear chronologically and will have `startTime` to indicated when a stage was desired for the first time. Optionally `completionTime` will appear when a stage completes successfully.

Reviewer: What about when the stage fails?

Author: So if things fail we will only have startTime (and just reset after moving to `Idle`). 

It's similar to Job's status where [completionTime](https://github.com/kubernetes/api/blob/master/batch/v1/types.go#L526) only appears when it completes successfully.

Author: Yeah! Basically the way i was reading it...."stop the timer" with stopABC to complete. Do you want me to rename?

Reviewer 2: don't bother if no other changes required

> - A stage may have a one or more `Phase` to help understand important tasks that were performed. Similar to history entries, each `Phase` will have a `startTime` and optionally a `completionTime` when completes successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A stage may have one or more `Phases` to help understand important tasks that were performed. Similar to history entries, each `Phase` will have a `startTime` and, once completed, a `completionTime`.
```
